metrics: Add Cassandra README (#4858)
kata-containers/tests: metrics/disk/cassandra_kubernetes/README.md

# Kata Containers Cassandra Metrics

Kata Containers provides a series of read and write performance tests using Cassandra Stress tool.
The Cassandra Stress tool is a Java-based stress testing utility for basic benchmarking

> and load testing a cluster. This tool help us to populate a cluster and stress
> testing CQL tables and queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and load testing a cluster. This tool helps us to populate a cluster and stress
test CQL tables and queries. 
```
